Removed reference to 'internal' use (#83)
alphagov/tdt-documentation: source/introduction/introduction.md

## Who should use this tool

> The Tech Docs Template is intended for use by the GDS and government community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tech Docs Template is intended for use by the Government Digital Service and government community.
```
